* Does WMBiff have a mailing list?

There is no longer a WMBiff-specific mailing list, but it may be discussed
on the Window Maker Developers mailing list, wmaker-dev@googlegroups.com.

See http://lists.windowmaker.org/.

* Why doesn't WMBiff update immediately after I read my mail?

WMBiff looks only at the flags associated with mail messages
to decide if they've been read.  If your mail reader doesn't
bother to update those flags immediately after you read a
message, WMBiff has (essentially) no way of knowing that
you've read the message.

There are some workarounds:  In mutt, you can ask it to sync
the mailbox using the sync-mailbox command: it will write
the mailbox file to disk (or back to the IMAP server) so
that WMBiff can update its counters.  Mutt's sync-mailbox
command is bound to the $ key by default.  In Mac OS X mail,
changing to a different mailbox usually flushes changes,
so I often hit Command-4 to switch to the sent mailbox
for a few seconds.

No workarounds are known for Kmail, which updates the status
flags of all mail as if it were read, then adds its own
status field to note that some are unread.  (sourceforge
tracker #706995).

* WMBiff doesn't work.  How do I submit a bug?

See the Troubleshooting section of the wmbiffrc man
page.

If that doesn't work, run 'wmbiff -debug > wmbiff.log' and
remove any passwords left in wmbiff.log.  Submit this log
and your wmbiffrc (sanitized of passwords of course) using
'reportbug' under Debian, or by sending mail to
wmaker-dev.

* WMBiff doesn't do something I want. How do I suggest a feature?

If using Debian, use 'reportbug wmbiff' and submit a
wishlist bug.  Or, send mail with your suggestion to
wmaker-dev@googlegroups.com.

Some previously requested features can't be done:
 - Count IMAP deleted messages separately (the protocol
    doesn't support it without locking the mailbox).
 - Reset the count of new messages to zero when spawning
    a mailer (it would just jump back again the next time
    wmbiff looked).

Previously suggested features that are really hard:
 - Support dock sizes other than 64x64
 - Inverse video on new mail (or do more visually to grab attention)

* I'm about to start writing a patch. How do I make sure it will
get incorporated in WMBiff?

Start a conversation on wmaker-dev, and you'll probably
get some help.

Tidbits:
 Avoid creating new Clients.
  - If you want an existing client to do something differently,
    find a way to parameterize its behavior.
  - If you want to use a shell command to get some
    information, make a recipe for ShellClient (open wmbiff.c
    and search for 'gicu').
 If you must create a new client, Avoid Duplicating Code.
 Document your patch.  Add entries as appropriate to:
  - sample.wmbiffrc
  - wmbiffrc.5.in
  - wmbiff.1

* How do I get the very latest WMBiff from git?

git clone http://repo.or.cz/dockapps.git
cd dockapps/wmbiff

* I added a feature to WMBiff. How do I submit a patch?

Submit patches in the same way as you would patches for Window Maker.  See:
http://repo.or.cz/w/wmaker-crm.git/blob/HEAD:/The-perfect-Window-Maker-patch.txt

* This FAQ is wrong.

Send mail to wmaker-dev@googlegroups.com.
