Introduction
------------

Wmtop maintains a view of the 3 top CPU (or memory) consuming
processes displaying the amount of CPU used as a horizontal bar.
Very useful for spotting those rogue Netscape processes!

To compile:
Type 'make linux' or 'make freebsd' depending on which operating system you
are using. (Type uname if you don't know :-)

To install:
If you are superuser type 'make install'

Instructions
------------

Invoke wmtop using the command 'wmtop'

Use -display and -geometry options in the usual way.

Use the command line option '-s <time in milliseconds>' to control the
frequency of sampling of the processes and '-r <time in milliseconds>' to
control how often the display is updated.

Use -U to watch only your own processes rather than all of them. While
running, a middle mouse click changes between the display of user processes
and all processes.

Use -x <regexp> to exclude processes whose name matches a given pattern
from the list.

Use -m to display physical memory usage instead of CPU, but is currently
only supported under Linux. While running, a left mouse click changes
between cpu and memory display.

Use -c 'command' to have a command executed when you right click on wmtop.
For example you could launch a window with the real 'top' command for a closer
look at a rogue process.

Use -a <1..X> to choose a theme for wmtop.

Example
-------

wmtop -U -x '^wm' -c "xterm -e top"

Means list my own processes that are not dockapps. Launch top on a right
click.

Caveats
-------
As far as I know this only works under Linux or FreeBSD with a
/proc filesystem. Tested by me under Linux 2.2.5 and FreeBSD 3.2
(PAO) and FreeBSD 4.0 on a Sony Vaio 505TX. Reportedly works also
on other platforms including various combnations of Linux and
FreeBSD on Intel and Alpha CPU machines. See TODO file for information
about porting progress.

Credits
-------

I have liberally borrowed code from wmsysmon by Dave Clark. Thanks!

Thanks to Cyrille Mars (mailto:cmars@club-internet.fr) for some
new pixmaps and beta testing.
Thanks to Thomas C Sobczyns for beta testing (mailto:tcs@mit.edu).
Thanks to Brian Servis (mailto:servis@purdue.edu) for improvements to the
Makefile (that I have since ruined...).
Thanks to Alan Swanson (mailto:swanson@uklinux.net) for some bugfixes and
improvements.
