
Installation documentation for the GAI (General Applet Interface) Library:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Requirements:
----------------

This library requires GTK+ 2.0 or later
Pango must be compiled with FreeType2 support. 
Gnome 2.0 or later will be used, if detected during the 
configuration step. (The unstable serie will probably work as well, but
untested.)
Gtkglext(gtkglext.sf.net) is optional, but if you have it and don't 
use the gnome panel you can have OpenGL applets on your dock.
However, the OpenGL applets won't work on the Gnome panel.
SDL is optional, and if found will be used for joystick.


To compile and install:
-----------------------
If you have Gnome installed but you don't use the Gnome Panel, you can
remove the Gnome support and save some memory with the option:
--disable-gnome

--disable-sdl
will remove joystick support.

--disable-gl
will remove OpenGL support.

I recommend that you disable sdl, if you don't have a joystick and
disable gnome, if you don't use the gnome-panel. 
You will otherwise waste some memory. Also, if you plan to use GAI
applets on the gnome panel, you can disable OpenGL (--disable-gl) since
OpenGL applets won't work on the gnome panel nor for Window Maker. 
I have no idea why.

./configure
make
(possible change to root)
make install
ldconfig

Please have a look in the examples/ directories for some simple 
example applets. Can be useful for both people that wants to
know how to program GAI and users.

In the docking/ directory there are two examples how GAI applets
can be integrated into panels and other programs.
(compiled with make. See the docking/README)

If the configure script fails to detect Gnome and you're sure
that you have Gnome installed, please make sure that you have
the libpanelapplet dev package installed. (If you have an rpm
based system.) This package isn't always installed by default
on alot of distrubutions.

If you have problems compling applets, make sure that the gai.pc 
file ended up your systems pkgconfig/ catalog.
Normally it is located in /usr/lib/pkgconfig, but it can depend
on your distrubution. If you don't give any --prefix option,
the gai.pc file will end up in /usr/local/lib/pkgconfig.

See README.gai for more information about library settings.

Don't hessitate to contact me if you have problems, ideas, bug reports
or anything that matters GAI.

Have fun!
 Jonas <cja@gmx.net>
--


PLEASE PLEASE don't fill in any bug reports in bugzilla, sourceforge.net,
dockapps.org and at some other place. I don't have the time to go around
and check them. PLEASE mail bug reports/problems to me directly. Thanks!
Jonas Aaberg, <cja@gmx.net> Please include the word "gai" in the subject.

