                    Wmnotify


Dockable email notification program for single POP3 or IMAP4 account.
Wmnotify now supports SSL.

Program launch:
   If you want wmnotify to produce sounds even when another program is using
   the sound card (MP3 player for example), you must use the eSound (ESD)
   library. This library act as a sound mixer daemon for enabling multiple
   audio applications to have access to the sound card simultaneously.
   Hopefully, wmnotify doesn't need to be recompiled to use this feature.
   Simply launch wmnotify like this:
      esddsp wmnotify
   Your other audio applications must be configured for using eSound for this
   to work however. For example, with the XMMS MP3 player (version 1.2.7), you
   must specify this output plugin:
      eSound Output Plugin 1.2.7 [libesdout.so]
   If you don't have eSound or you don't want to use it, simply launch wmnotify
   like this:
      wmnotify

Project website:
	http://www.hugovil.com/en/wmnotify

This program was tested on the following systems:
	"Linux From Scratch 4.0"

For recent project news, see the "NEWS" file.


Building wmnotify:
------------------

For generic installation instructions, see the "INSTALL" file.

If you are building from the subversion repository, first run the "autogen.sh" script.

If you are seeing this error message during configure:
        "Can't find X11 library"
it means you are missing some libX11 files.
On Debian-based systems, install libX11-dev with this command:
        apt-get install libX11-dev

If you are seeing this error message during configure:
        "Can't find header file for library Xpm"
it means you are missing some libxpm files.
On Debian-based systems, install libxpm-dev with this command:
        apt-get install libxpm-dev

If you are seeing this error message during configure:
        "Can't find header file for library Xext"
it means you are missing some libxext files.
On Debian-based systems, install libxext-dev with this command:
        apt-get install libxext-dev

If you want to use SSL for your POP or IMAP account, you must install openssl:
        http://www.openssl.org/
On Debian-based systems, install libsndfile with this command:
        apt-get install libssl-dev

If you want to have support for audio notification using WAV or AU sound files,
you must install the 'libsndfile' library:
	http://www.zip.com.au/~erikd/libsndfile/
On Debian-based systems, install libsndfile with this command:
        apt-get install libsndfile1-dev
